---
layout: article
title: ! 'Tourism in the Bay'
published: true
categories:
  - 'in-the-bay'
author: <a href="mailto:alexey@alexeymk.com">Alexey Komissarouk</a>
original_url: http://alexeymk.com/an-interns-guide-to-a-summer-in-the-bay-area/
image_url: /assets/img/cheesy-410x160.jpg
tagline: ! 'What to do when you get tired of talking about text editors'
---

Start-ups are awesome and all, but make sure you actually check out the Bay Area - the weather is fantastic and there are some great things to see.

- **Bike the Golden Gate Bridge in SF**: Rent a bike if you don't have one near Fisherman's Wharf, and do the two-hour bike ride through the Golden Gate Bridge and to Sausalito, (and Tiburon, if you've got the energy for it) then take the Ferry back.  Bring a group of friends. Sausalito is beautiful, the trip is well organized for tourists and a lot of fun. Don't miss this.
- **Walk Around the Santa Cruz Boardwalk**: Rent a car or find somebody with one and drive down to Santa Cruz.  Check out the Coney Island-style outdated boardwalk/amusement park (I'm partial to the indoor minigolf course), hang out at the beach (take a Surf lesson if you've got the energy), maybe play some Volleyball. A quick not on Beaches in Northern California: They're pretty cold and windy, and something like two beaches have real sand. Santa Cruz is OK on a warm day.  It's still worth going, but don't expect to swim too much.
- **Napa Valley** if you're over 21 and don't mind spending $100 or so in a day, go on one of those fancy Napa Valley Wine Tasting tours (alternately, Bike and Wine tastings are fun too).
- **Organize a weekend trip to LA or a nearby National Park**: Rent a car and a cabin somewhere. Book a couple of weeks in advance. Don't expect to find a ton of space for 4th of July weekend. I never went, but a bunch of friends did and they thoroughly enjoyed the experience.
- **Computer History Museum**: another "I never went, but this comes highly recommended" things to do in Mountain View.
